Yup.
Now let's solve it using one only.
So you know.
Right.
That.
If I'm calculating a particular row, I need the previous row.
But what if that?
We will throw itself as equals to the current.
That means I can always override the data.
Very simple.
If I am feeling ExxonMobil, I want X minus one.
Come away.
And if I if I'm saying that, okay, I have only one rule and I'm just keep on updating the date on
that means.
I'd simply say that deep buy is nothing but articles to deep.
Ex Goma.
Five minus.
Um.
E.
S.
And what I'll do is if it is only one road and bike ubiquitous with this will just say this it is you
b y or it goes to sleep y minus.
And it will again and again will do the same thing.
And it will keep.
If you want me to give an example, I can that also.
Okay, let's discuss an example.
Yeah.
But what is the first rule, guys?
The first rule is.
Now let's discuss the example here.
Make things more clear.
Where you can see the first row is nothing but zero.
The base case is nothing but 12000.
So this is the first of any list.
Well, it's.
I want to build the.
Secondly, which is index as one.
What I can do is on top of it, I can what I did, I can always see that any element is equal to.
If it is true, it's true.
Or.
Back, which is a -88.
That means minus two.
That means this minus two without a bond.
This minus two is this one.
That means it can.
It can be true.
It's true.
Again, this is equal to this or minus two, which is not true.
Is this equal to this minus two?
It's giving me true eight.
But guys, tell me.
Is the value true in this engine room?
It's not.
So what's the problem there?
We are doing it.
If I'm.
It was zero.
If I'm checking the previous value, this should be the value we just kept somewhere above its rate.
It should not be manipulated.
But I have recently manipulated it.
What I can do instead of moving forward, what I can do is I can move.
Backwards.
Just by moving backwards.
I'll be taking some value, which is on the left of it.
If it is on the left of it, it will not have been changed because I'm updating backwards.
Correct.
So let me update it backwards.
This is the first row.
Now, let me fill in for the second.
And let's move backwards.
We'll also always say that BP is articles to BP.
A-minus.
E.
I later A's in our case so always will check humanity which is the current goal of minus two is the
current government is to true.
No, it is not true.
Not true.
Will come.
It will reach here and it will stay.
And it will simply market as true.
Eight and will read here, will read here in Lubec where you can easily see the event is equal to the
second one, zero one and all zeros.
Now, let's make the third rule.
So what about the third row?
Let's again, iterate backwards.
And this is seven.
Eight.
We will be looking at J minus seven.
That means previous seven value here.
But tell me this minus seven will be minus one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Is this true?
Not true or this is this true?
Not true.
But this is this true?
But for this.
We can see that this is true.
So if that's true, that, then let me be clear.
Market is true.
I hope it is.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Well, now tell me what this is.
Minus seven.
True.
No, it's not true.
That means in bulk it will be zero only.
And this?
For this.
It's not true.
Not.
You can see in the third row, it's 1010000101.
Okay.
I mean, I miss this one.
I miss the zero or the zero.
Again, we can see minus seven issues while market is one.
And now you can see that it's the same rate.
Now, what are the four true?
Minus four.
This minus four is not true.
It will not be true.
This minus foot is true.
So it will convert to.
I hope you are able to understand it.
How am I moving backwards and trying to update the values depending on these same values because it
was calculated previously?
Basically all the values on the left of it are actually the values which were gathered in the previous
row.
I can use them in this way.
I can only use, you know, one rule and update my answers.
Let me quickly code this.
I don't think much more explanation is.
In this case, we don't want this, which is a.
Eight.
So will have it be zero issue true because.
I just remember one thing.
There's only one rule.
Andrew.
Cool.
So deep zero is true and it is false initially for all the same values.
And what I'll do is let me removed.
Now.
We don't want to copy those.
What I would simply say is I'll start there from some and we'll go backwards.
But we don't want any disturbed values EP to.
It would be.
E.
Or equals to a, b, j minus a.
But.
And one thing to check if a minus a I didn't.
Zero.
A district is must.
So as you can see, what I'm doing is nothing, but I'm just seeing whether I did or requested the produce.
And if it was true, it will remain true.
I'm just taking orders for it.
And finally, what will happen?
I'll just simply print dubizzle.
So for eternity, it's not possible.
Let me check for my.
Who are doing the cooking.
Yeah.
So what we did is we just took one rule and we keep monitoring for all the rows, but we're reversing
in all the columns because we don't want any.
Disturbed values, any updated values of the current rules?
We are moving backwards and taking backwards values to the current.
Eight.
So this was another optimization.
Now, what's the complexity and the memory complexity here?
It is off.
But what is the time complexity of.
Off and into.
And what's the memory complexity it of some.
Always.
So don't get confused because I might be using it later in problems as well.
But at that time I want you to relate it to particular.
Thank you.
In the art.
Also one more thing.
Yeah.
Before going forward.
Feel free to optimize this code also for the values that.
And then you realize one.
You realize that now the what the would will be.
It minus eight.
But in that case, Ben went on to optimize the code when the values are repeating.
You actually want the values of Y minus X, but for the same rule eight.
In that case, what you can do is instead of moving backwards, this day loop will move forward.
Start from zero and go to some.
I hope you.
Realize this.
If not, spend some time.
Think about it.
When when the values were rebuilding, we actually did not need to do X minus.
When we don't need to produce, at least we wanted value to be computed for this same role.
We'll move forward in that case because we want that same rules, values to be updated.
Not X minus.
And it's excellent.
In this case, we can move up.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
See, in the next part.
I hope you like this memory optimization of this problem.
I went deeper into this problem because I wanted to give you an example, but from the next problem
on which we want to go this deeper.
Thank you.